Release notes about SectionDisplayDriver breaking changes (#15792)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/1.9.0.md

Additionally, `Twilio` provider is no longer enabled by default. If you want to use Twilio SMS provider, you must enable the provider by visiting the email settings `Configuration` > `Settings` > `Email` and see the `Twilio` tab.

> ### `SectionDisplayDriver.UpdateAsync()` now receives an `UpdateEditorContext` parameter, not `BuildEditorContext`
> 
> `SectionDisplayDriver` now uses the appropriate UpdateEditorContext on its Update methods. Every driver that inherits from it will be required to update their contexts. See [the corresponding pull request](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/15488) for context and for examples of the changes you have to implement in your own modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Display Management

In this release, the signatures of the `UpdateAsync()` method within the `SectionDisplayDriver` base class have undergone modifications. Previously, these signatures accepted the `BuildEditorContext` parameter. However, with this update, all signatures now require the `UpdateEditorContext` instead. This alteration necessitates that every driver inheriting from this class adjusts their contexts accordingly.

Here are the updated signatures:

1. **From:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TModel model, TSection section, IUpdateModel updater, BuildEditorContext context)
   ```
   **To:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TModel model, TSection section, IUpdateModel updater, UpdateEditorContext context)
   ```

2. **From:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TSection section, IUpdateModel updater, BuildEditorContext context)
   ```
   **To:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TSection section, IUpdateModel updater, UpdateEditorContext context)
   ```

3. **From:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TSection section, BuildEditorContext context)
   ```
   **To:**
   ```csharp
   Task<IDisplayResult> UpdateAsync(TSection section, UpdateEditorContext context)
   ```

These adjustments ensure compatibility and adherence to the latest conventions within the `SectionDisplayDriver` class.
```

Author: At this point commit the suggestions you would like Mike. Or push a commit directly.

 ```csharp
 services.Configure<EmailConfirmationTokenProviderOptions>(options => options.TokenLifespan = TimeSpan.FromDays(7));
 ```

> ### SectionDisplayDriver
> 
> SectionDisplayDriver now uses the appropriate UpdateEditorContext on it's Update methods.
> Every driver that inherits from it will require to update their contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `SectionDisplayDriver.UpdateAsync()` now receives an `UpdateEditorContext` parameter, not `BuildEditorContext`

`SectionDisplayDriver` now uses the appropriate UpdateEditorContext on its Update methods. Every driver that inherits from it will be required to update their contexts. See [the corresponding pull request](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/15488) for context and for examples of the changes you have to implement in your own modules.
```

> Every driver that inherits from it will require to update their contexts.

Reviewer 2: Please move this up under Breaking Changes.
